---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Content guidelines

## Introduction

Welcome to our content guidelines! This page is your comprehensive guide to understanding the core principles and standards that shape the content on our platform. Whether you're a content creator, developer, or enthusiast exploring the wide variety of resources on our platform, these guidelines serve as the blueprint for our commitment to quality, innovation, and ethics. As you plan to feature your content on daily.dev, we invite you to familiarize yourself with the [different ways to get your content on daily.dev](../for-content-creators/how-to-get-featured.md), alongside these guidelines.

In this document, we provide detailed guidance on what we look for in content, what we prioritize, and under what conditions we might remove content. These guidelines are not only a reference for anyone who creates or submits content to daily.dev, but also an insight into our dedication to maintaining a respectful, diverse, and valuable community.

Take a moment, dive in, and let's create an enriching and inspiring space together!

:::tip
These guidelines are key to your journey on our platform. By aligning your content with our standards, you not only enhance the quality of our community but also build your reputation as a trusted source of knowledge. Conversely, content that fails to comply may lead to a reduction in reputation points. The respect and trust you earn from our community are invaluable, so we encourage you to take these guidelines seriously. For more insights on how reputation works, please visit our [reputation guide](../your-profile/reputation.md)
:::

### What content are we looking for?

✅ Relevant, fresh and up-to-date content for developers.

✅ Professional and well-produced textual or video content.

✅ Novel, innovative, and trending content that inspires developers.

✅ Content that adheres to ethical publishing practices.

✅ Content from sources that publish new content regularly.

✅ Content from sources that have published a substantial amount of content to date.

✅ Content that clearly separates sponsored content, if any, from editorial content.

✅ Good vibes ✌️

:::info
In our ongoing effort to maintain a balanced content inventory on the platform, we are temporarily giving higher priority to niche sources during our review process. This allows us to provide our developer community with a diverse range of topics and unique perspectives. As a result, we may apply more strict judgment on mainstream content. This is to ensure that our platform maintains a healthy mix of content and caters to various interests within the global developer community.
:::

### When will we reject, ban or remove content?

❌ Content that is irrelevant for developers.

❌ Content that is used only or primarily for self-promotion or any other type of promotion.

❌ Content that is not in English.

❌ Content from sources that were not active in the past three months or more.

❌ Content from sources that don't provide an RSS feed or Atom feed available for public use.

❌ Content about politically-oriented topics.

❌ Content that is generated through programmatic SEO or any similar method to populate content. This includes publications that might not use programmatic SEO but can be perceived as doing so.

❌ Content that fails to comply with standard SEO best practices. For more information, refer to this [SEO reference guide](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/fundamentals/seo-starter-guide#understand_your_content).

❌ Content that is generated by artificial intelligence (AI), automated algorithms, or any form of automated content generation methods. This includes content that may not be directly generated by AI but exhibits characteristics typical of AI-generated content, such as overly generic information, lack of personal perspective, or noticeable patterns in language structure.

❌ Content that is either illegal, pornographic (including mature in content or overtly sexual), racist, sexist (or otherwise offensive), grotesque (or obscene), inflammatory, and other inappropriate content.

❌ Content that incites violence or hatred towards an individual or group based on race, religion, gender identity or expression, sex, ethnicity, nationality, sexual orientation, age, disability, or other characteristics associated with systemic discrimination or marginalization.

❌ Content that violates privacy rights, including sharing or encouraging others to share someone's private information without their consent or is otherwise unlawful according to applicable laws. This includes any shortened URLs and Redirected URLs. 

❌ Content that is unsuitable or harmful to the daily.dev's business reputation.

❌ Content that infringes third-party rights, including copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights.

✋ Personal or corporate blog? Additional terms apply. Keep reading. 

### Additional guidelines for corporate blogs

:::info
[Update January 2024] Corporate blogs are no longer eligible to be added as sources on daily.dev. Instead, we encourage corporations to [open a Squad](../squads/creating-your-squad.md) on our platform to share their content. We recognize the legacy of existing corporate blogs on daily.dev and plan to gradually migrate these sources to Squads, ensuring a seamless transition while adhering to our updated guidelines.
:::

### Additional guidelines for personal blogs and indie content creators

:::info
[Update January 2024] As part of our ongoing platform evolution, personal blogs are no longer eligible to be added as sources on daily.dev as of January 2024. Personal bloggers and content creators are encouraged to [create a Squad](../squads/creating-your-squad.md) to share their content with our community. We acknowledge the presence of personal blogs that have historically been part of daily.dev, and we are committed to transitioning these sources to Squads in a gradual and considerate manner.
:::

### Update regarding AI-generated content

At daily.dev, we recognize the technological advancements and capabilities of artificial intelligence (AI) in generating content. However, our priority remains to spotlight and uphold content that is the product of human insight, expertise, and lived experiences.

We believe that it is through this emphasis on human-created content that we can ensure the authenticity, validity, and reliability of the information shared across our platform. We value the unique perspectives, nuanced understanding, and the richness of thought that comes with human authorship.

While AI has demonstrated an ability to create increasingly convincing content, we believe it's important to maintain a clear distinction between human and AI-generated content to preserve the integrity and personal touch inherent in human writing. This stance aligns with our commitment to fostering a genuine, insightful, and engaging community.

We appreciate your understanding and adherence to this policy.

## Some legal stuff...

Please note that Daily Dev Ltd. does not assert ownership or copyright over any of the sources submitted to our platform. Our team vigilantly reviews all submitted content, either manually or through automated systems, to verify its adherence to our content guidelines. If a claim arises concerning a piece of content, such as alleged copyright infringement or a breach of our guidelines, we reserve the right to remove said content. The offending user may also face restrictions on future submissions. Further, any community found in violation of these guidelines may be suspended or terminated. All interactions with our platform, including content publication, are governed by our [Privacy Policy](https://daily.dev/privacy) and [Terms of Service](https://daily.dev/tos). We encourage our community members to report any content they believe infringes upon our policies at any time.